Heroku Redis SSL Docs (#558)
MiniProfiler/rack-mini-profiler: README.md

HTML in already compressed response body MiniProfiler will suppress compression by setting
`identity` encoding in `Accept-Encoding` request header.

### Using MiniProfiler with Heroku Redis

If you are using Heroku Redis, you may need to add the following to your `config/initializers/mini_profiler.rb`, in order to get Mini Profiler to work:

```ruby
if Rails.env.production?
  Rack::MiniProfiler.config.storage_options = { 
    url: ENV["REDIS_URL"],
    ssl_params: { verify_mode: OpenSSL::SSL::VERIFY_NONE }
  }
  Rack::MiniProfiler.config.storage = Rack::MiniProfiler::RedisStore
end
```

> Look at https://help.heroku.com/HC0F8CUS/redis-connection-issues for more information.

Reviewer: Let's use a link:

```suggestion
The above code snippet is [Heroku's officially suggested workaround](Look at https://help.heroku.com/HC0F8CUS/redis-connection-issues).
```

> The above code snippet is [Heroku's officially suggested workaround](Look at https://help.heroku.com/HC0F8CUS/redis-connection-issues).

Author: 🤦

If you include the query string `pp=help` at the end of your request you will see the various options available. You can use these options to extend or contract the amount of diagnostics rack-mini-profiler gathers.

> ## Rails 2.X support

Reviewer: Whoops, looks like you had a git snafu.

Author: Fixed it 🙂
